Add a pull request template with an AI disclosure statement (#19916)
dealii/dealii: .github/pull_request_template.md

### Contributor checklist

By submitting this pull request, we, the authors of this pull request, confirm that:

- [ ] We have read and agree to abide by the [Code of Conduct](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
- [ ] We have read the [contributing guidelines](../CONTRIBUTING.md) and our contribution is made under the terms of the [deal.II license](../LICENSE.md).

> - [ ] **Use of AI tools:** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Use of AI tools:** 
```

  - [ ] No generative AI tools were used in preparing this contribution.

>   - [ ] Generative AI tools were used. In this case, please ensure that you complete the AI declaration statement.

Reviewer 2: Pragmatically, I think most people already use AI tools or at least will be in the foreseeable future. I don't think we can prevent that, and I'm also not sure we should attach a stigma to it as long as it's done ethically. So my suggestion would be to switch these two points around.

Author: Agreed. However, I don't think this will attach a stigma. I think we can all accept that AI tools are used now and there is no shame in that. The goal of  this is not to shame anyone, but maybe to be transparent about what we need to look for and what AI has been used for. In the end, I feel that if we are transparent, everyone will win. Maybe i also overly naive about this...

Reviewer 2: I agree. In fact, I think we might all learn something if we see how other people use AI.

### AI Declaration Statement

> <!-- If you have used generative AI tools while writing this pull request. Please explain what these generative AI tools were used for and which model was used. Feel free to provide the prompts that were used while writing this pull request. -->

Reviewer: Add a newline at the end?

As a contributor to this project, you agree that all of your contributions to deal.II

>  - be governed by the Developer Certificate of Origin version 1.1</b>](https://developercertificate.org/), and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As a contributor to this project, you agree that all of your contributions to deal.II will
 - be governed by the [<b>Developer Certificate of Origin version 1.1</b>](https://developercertificate.org/), and
```
(IANAL but we need 'will' for grammar)

>  - be made available to the project under the terms of the [<b>Apache License 2.0</b>](https://spdx.org/licenses/Apache-2.0.html) with [<b>LLVM Exception</b>](https://spdx.org/licenses/LLVM-exception.html),

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - be made available to the project under the terms of the [<b>Apache License 2.0</b>](https://spdx.org/licenses/Apache-2.0.html) with [<b>LLVM Exception</b>](https://spdx.org/licenses/LLVM-exception.html), and
```

>  - and separately under the terms of the [<b>GNU Lesser General Public License v2.1 or later</b>](https://spdx.org/licenses/LGPL-2.1-or-later.html).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - separately under the terms of the [<b>GNU Lesser General Public License v2.1 or later</b>](https://spdx.org/licenses/LGPL-2.1-or-later.html).
```

>  - Your contribution is made under the terms of the [deal.II license](https://github.com/dealii/dealii/blob/master/LICENSE.md).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
See the [deal.II license file](https://github.com/dealii/dealii/blob/master/LICENSE.md) for details.
```

 Furthermore, by submitting this pull request, you confirm that:
- You have read and agree to abide by the [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/dealii/dealii/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
- You have read the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/dealii/dealii/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md). 
- **Use of AI tools:** 
  - [ ] Generative AI tools were used. In this case, please ensure that you complete the AI declaration statement.
  - [ ] No generative AI tools were used in preparing this contribution.

> ### AI Declaration Statement

Reviewer: I would move this header to line 10

> <!-- If you have used generative AI tools while writing this pull request. Please explain what these generative AI tools were used for and which model was used. Feel free to provide the prompts that were used while writing this pull request. -->

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
<!-- If you have used generative AI tools while writing this pull request, please explain what these generative AI tools were used for and which model was used. Feel free to provide the prompts that were used while writing this pull request. -->
```

> <!-- If you have used generative AI tools while writing this pull request, please explain what these generative AI tools were used for and which model was used. Feel free to provide the prompts that were used while writing this pull request. -->

Reviewer: Can you add "optional:"?

> As a contributor to this project, you agree that all of your contributions to deal.II will

Reviewer: We haven't had a pull request template before, so now the text box is filled with the template instead of the commit message/summary. Would you mind adding something like the following at the top?

```
<!-- replace this text with a summary of your PR. Make sure you understand and complete the text below -->

### Important License and other information
```
